c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\Portfolio.dll.config
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\Portfolio.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\Portfolio.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\obj\Debug\Portfolio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\obj\Debug\Portfolio.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Portfolio\Portfolio\obj\Debug\Portfolio.pdb
